Feat/update er docs (#645)
pyth-network/documentation: pages/express-relay/errors/svm.mdx

| Error                         | Explanation                                                                                     |
| ----------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `FeeSplitLargerThanPrecision` | The proposed fee split is invalid (split is larger than `FEE_SPLIT_PRECISION`, 10000)           |
| `FeesHigherThanBid`           | The fees to pay out exceed the value of the bid amount.                                         |
| `DeadlinePassed`              | The bid is no longer valid, as the Unix time deadline has passed.                               |
| `InvalidCPISubmitBid`         | The `SubmitBid` instruction should not be called via CPI.                                       |
| `MissingPermission`           | The transaction is missing a `SubmitBid` instruction with the matching permission key.          |
| `MultiplePermissions`         | The transaction should not contain more than one `SubmitBid` instruction.                       |
| `InsufficientSearcherFunds`   | The searcher lacks the funds to pay the specified amount.                                       |

> | `InsufficientRent`            | The fees splits received by different parties must be sufficient to cover the account rent.     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `InsufficientRent`            | The fee splits received by different parties must be sufficient to cover the account rent.     |
```

> | `InvalidReferralFee`          | The provided referral fee in the swap instruction data is too high to be a valid number of bps. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `InvalidReferralFee`          | The provided referral fee in the swap instruction data is too high to be a valid number of basis points. |
```
